[OSDOCS-6756]:Persistent Storage using Amazon EBS Prebuilt Storage Classes (#62104)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/persistent_storage/persistent-storage-aws.adoc

endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

The Kubernetes persistent volume framework allows administrators to provision a cluster with persistent storage and gives users a way to request those resources without having any knowledge of the underlying infrastructure.
You can dynamically provision Amazon EBS volumes.
Persistent volumes are not bound to a single project or namespace; they can be shared across the {product-title} cluster.
Persistent volume claims are specific to a project or namespace and can be requested by users.
You can define a KMS key to encrypt container-persistent volumes on AWS.

> By default, newly created clusters using ROSA version 4.10 and later use gp3 storage and the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, newly created clusters using {product-title} version 4.10 and later use gp3 storage and the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver.
```

Reviewer: @mletalie I think? Ponder on it.

Author: Hello @GroceryBoyJr, eh.... good point. Let me look into it. Appreciate it!
